## Meeting date 21/02/2025

## Agenda

- Go over our research on competitors/legal
- [Meeting date 21/02/2025](#meeting-date-21022025)
- [Agenda](#agenda)
- [Competitors](#competitors)

## Legal

- You can do whatever on your own private property as a consumer
- Once you are filming other people, are are commercial you have to consider GDPR and pay data protection fee

## Competitors

### Industry

- High compound growth rate in the industry
- Most competitors expensive ($400-$800)
- Competitors include Hickvision
- Sell hardware, as well as subscription for cloud based AI models.
- Different pricing tiers in terms of amount of data, and features.
- Hikvision, Reolink, Dahua are key competitors, all on-prem.
- Combined dahua and hikvision have $$46\%$$ market cap

- For smart home detection, there may be a problem in terms of do you want cameras inside your house? It's an expensive solution as opposed to airtags.
- Will everyone actually have RTSB (real-time) streaming cameras?
- What does having NLP provide that the other solutions don't?
  > [!NOTE]
  > Might need to find a niche, or re-evaluate, seems to be a very crowded space
- You can get very cheap cameras (circa £20)
- Lots of Saas competitors, in terms of fall detection this is a very saturated market

### Startups

- Some are in hardware/software/both
- FOCUS AI is very similar, they have "merlin" a security assistant, they have footprints in an office
- We need a clear **groundwork** in what market we are aiming for, and what the USP is.
- Need to speak to a security professional, is this viable?
- GENETEC have a similar system, they have on-prem and SAAS.
- They all have a dashboard to see security in one place

## Our system

> USP is going from what you have in ring where you have familiar faces, pets, to fully fledged, where is my yellow jumper?

- Maybe we should look at small businesses. Assumptions, shoplifting is a problem, they already have cameras, and do they need alerts.
- The focus would be on shoplifting.
- Raspberry pi hub, connected to video camera, send the keyframes up to a server to identify people, and if it goes above a threshold on shoplifting finetuned YoLo we send an alert via web-app/whatsapp.

# Client identification

- We need a clear client, and once we can access.
- In terms of large clients, this is a very saturated market, we would have to be looking at smaller indepent shops.
- We could potentially look at
  - Warehouses
  - Gyms
  - Assisted living
- Could look at medication theft, staff monitoring, night monitoring, inventory monitoring (amazon fresh style)
- Most useful use case seemed to be personal use
- Door/window monitoring, pets escaping, monitoring house while you're away

## Next steps

- Have a meeting for our approach
- Decide on a niche to target, and why
- Interview business to see if they are interested, make sure we don't have any broken assumptions
- What are they worried about? We need to know what to target.
